+++
title = "Basic Demonstration"
date = 2022-06-01
description = "Descriptions are optional, but this post has basic styling information."

[taxonomies]
tags = ["Styling"]
+++

This is showing off basic styling features, such as **bold**, _italics_, and `inline monospaced`. There are also [links](/).

If you have a quote, you can use:

> This cool feature
> 
> &mdash; _Somebody_

On that note, similar styling is available for general admonitions using a shortcode:

{% admonition() %}

There is definitely a better name for these.

{% end %}


They have the option of adding a class, but the only one currently defined is `alert`:

{% admonition(class='alert') %}

Watch out!

{% end %}

Another shortcode I imagine you'll use a lot is `sidenote`{% sidenote() %}This is very useful.{% end %}. In addition, I made {{ term(term="term") }} for highlighting important terms. It's often better to use a shortcode which produces a `span` with an HTML class than a builtin feature like bolding for things like this, since it's much easier to change in the future should you want different styling.

Some punctuation gets automatically replaced, such as ellipsis from three periods... in addition, ASCII "quotes" are replaced with the proper Unicode left and right double quotes. En-dashes can be typed like 1--2, and finally, em-dashes---seriously underutilized punctuation---are typed as triple hyphens. You can also use any [HTML entities](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_XML_and_HTML_character_entity_references#List_of_character_entity_references_in_HTML). 

## Organisation

You technically have six levels of headers, from `#` to `######`. I only defined the first three, though, since six is really excessive. Also level one is used for the page title.

Text layout sometimes gets confused, but you should be able to mix and match languages. Î±Î²Î³Î‘Î’Î“, .××‘×’ When mixing LTR and RTL languages, things get very weird. The fonts also get somewhat inconsistent, especially if you want to use something like Anatolian Hieroglyphs ğ”€ ğ” ğ”‚

- Lists
- are
- intuitive
    - and 
    - even
        - have
        - levels


There are also

### More Lists

1. Ordered
2. lists,
    - (which you can mix)
3. wow!
    1. Even
    2. More
    3. Listing


If you need to, you can insert HTML directly. For example, this dialect of Markdown doesn't support description lists, so you'd need to do:

<dl>
    <dt>Term</dt>
    <dd>Its definition.</dd>
    <dt>Another term</dt>
    <dd>Another defition _This'll make sense in a second._</dd>
</dl>

But be careful with spacing, you don't want blank lines in the middle of HTML. You also can't use Markdown from within HTML.
